<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="procedures">
    <title>Deploying the Operator Interface in Production</title>
    <body>
        <p>Deploy the operator interface (OI) to run in a production environment, including
            installing the required packages, connecting the OI to the server, configuring the
            station/lot settings, etc.</p>
        <section id="section_oqk_1yv_gqb"><title>Installing the OI</title><p><b>Procedure</b></p><ol
                id="ol_c4y_zyv_gqb">
                <li>Placeholder.</li>
            </ol></section>
        <section id="section_nd1_czv_gqb"><title>Configuring a Handler/Prober
                    Driver</title><p><b>Procedure</b></p><ol id="ol_xbp_3zv_gqb">
                <li>In TestStand, select <b>Semiconductor Module>>Configure Station</b>.</li>
                <li>In the <b>General</b> tab, select <b>Enable Handlder/Prober Driver (Real or
                        Simulated)</b>.</li>
                <li>Select an appropriate handler/prober driver for your handler or prober from the
                    pull-down menu.<p>If you do not have access to a real handler, select
                            <b>Built-in Simulated Handler Driver</b> to simulate handler functions.
                        For more information about which driver to select, ask NI engineers for
                        help.</p><p>The following table provides general guidelines about which
                        handler/prober driver to select for your specific handler/prober.</p><table
                        frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_h55_1cw_gqb">
                        <tgroup cols="2">
                            <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                            <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                            <thead>
                                <row>
                                    <entry>Handler/Prober Type</entry>
                                    <entry>Handler/Prober Driver to Select</entry>
                                </row>
                            </thead>
                            <tbody>
                                <row>
                                    <entry>No handler/prober available</entry>
                                    <entry><b>Built-in Simulated Handler Driver</b>—Use this option
                                        for simulating handler functions when you do not have access
                                        to a real handler.</entry>
                                </row>
                                <row>
                                    <entry>Accretech (Tokyo Seimitsu)
                                            prober<p><b>Examples</b></p><ul id="ul_jh1_qty_hqb">
                                            <li>Accretech(TSK) UF3000Exe</li>
                                            <li>Accretech(TSK) FP2000</li>
                                        </ul></entry>
                                    <entry><b>Accretech GPIB Prober Driver</b></entry>
                                </row>
                                <row>
                                    <entry>TEL (Tokyo Electron) Prober<p><b>Examples</b></p><ul
                                            id="ul_wz2_4ty_hqb">
                                            <li>TEL PrecioXL</li>
                                            <li>TEL P8</li>
                                            <li>TEL P8XL</li>
                                        </ul></entry>
                                    <entry><b>TEL GPIB Prober Driver</b></entry>
                                </row>
                                <row>
                                    <entry>Handler with the GPIB interface bus
                                                driver<p><b>Examples</b></p><ul id="ul_smq_qcz_hqb">
                                            <li>HT-9045/9046</li>
                                            <li>Zhongyi GPIB Handler</li>
                                        </ul></entry>
                                    <entry><b>General GPIB Handler Driver</b></entry>
                                </row>
                                <row>
                                    <entry>Handler with the TTL interface bus driver (For example,
                                        Ismeca)</entry>
                                    <entry><b>General TTL Handler Driver</b></entry>
                                </row>
                            </tbody>
                        </tgroup>
                    </table></li>
                <li>Select <b>Configure Handler/Prober</b>.</li>
                <li>Specify the settings for the selected handler/prober driver.<p>Click the
                            <b>Help</b> button at the botton left for more information about each
                        option.</p></li>
                <li>Click <b>OK</b>.</li>
                <li>Click <b>OK</b>.</li>
            </ol></section>
        <section id="section_yxs_gyc_hqb"><title>Enabling STDF Log for Processing Test
                Results</title><p><b>Procedure</b></p><p><b>Note</b> If this configuration is not
                done, the OI throws an error <b>Datalog does not exist. Call mechanical engineer and
                    platform test engineer.</b> after you click the <b>Save Test Results</b>
                button.</p><ol id="ol_vv2_jyc_hqb">
                <li>In TestStand, select <b>Semiconductor Module>>Configure Station</b>.</li>
                <li>In the <b>Advanced</b> tab, select <b>Result Processing</b>.</li>
                <li>If the <b>STDF Log</b> option is not listed in the <b>Output Name</b> column,
                    click the right arrow on the top right and select <b>STDF Log</b> from the
                    list.</li>
                <li>Verify that the <b>STDF Log</b> option is listed in the <b>Output Name</b>
                    column and place a checkmark in the <b>Enabled</b> column.</li>
                <li>Click <b>OK </b>.</li>
                <li>Click <b>OK</b>.</li>
            </ol></section>
        <section id="section_ppf_1zv_gqb"><title>Connecting the OI to Server</title><p>You must
                connect the OI to a test program server and a test data server so that it can
                download test program from and upload test data to the correct
                    locations.</p><p><b>Procedure</b></p><ol id="ol_gb5_bzv_gqb">
                <li>Open <filepath>[<varname>Configuration
                        Dir</varname>]/db/env_config.txt</filepath>.</li>
                <li>Update the <codeph>[server_data_IP_1]</codeph> variable values to match the test
                    data server you are connecting to. For example, change the
                        <varname>server_data_IP_1</varname> value to the IP address of your server
                    and confirm the customer ID value is correct.</li>
                <li>To connect to a second test data server for another customer, complete the
                    following steps:<ol id="ol_zyl_vfw_gqb">
                        <li>Update the <varname>server_data_FTP_count</varname> value to 2.<note>If
                                the <varname>server_data_FTP_count</varname> value is 1, the OI
                                saves the test data to the first test data server even if you have
                                configured a second test data server.</note></li>
                        <li>Update the <codeph>[server_data_IP_2]</codeph> variable values to match
                            the second test data server you are connecting to. For example, change
                            the <varname>server_data_IP_2</varname> value to the IP address of your
                            second server and confirm the customer ID value is correct.</li>
                    </ol></li>
                <li>Update the <codeph>[server_pmg_IP]</codeph> variable values to match the test
                    program server you are connecting to. For example, change the
                        <varname>server_pmg_IP</varname> value to the IP address of your server and
                    confirm the customer ID value is correct.</li>
            </ol></section>
    </body>
</topic>
