<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="procedures">
    <title>Running the Test Program</title>
    <body>
        <p><b>Procedure</b></p>
        <ol>
            <li>Double-click the Semi OI icon on the desktop to launch the operator interface
                (OI).</li>
            <li>When prompted, select <b>Operator</b> or <b>MES</b>, depending on whether you want
                to run the OI in operator mode for mass production or engineer mode for debugging.
                The following table lists the differences between the modes.<table frame="all"
                    rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_th1_q2d_hqb">
                    <tgroup cols="4">
                        <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <colspec colname="newCol5" colnum="4" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <thead>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Mode</entry>
                                <entry>Verification Password Required?</entry>
                                <entry>Alarm Password Required?</entry>
                                <entry>Lot and Program Definition Source</entry>
                            </row>
                        </thead>
                        <tbody>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Operator</entry>
                                <entry>Yes</entry>
                                <entry>Yes</entry>
                                <entry><filepath>BarCodeDefinition.txt</filepath></entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>MES</entry>
                                <entry>No</entry>
                                <entry>Yes</entry>
                                <entry><filepath>.mes</filepath> file</entry>
                            </row>
                        </tbody>
                    </tgroup>
                </table></li>
            <li>Click <b>Initialize Lot</b> on the main panel.</li>
            <li>When prompted to enter program information, scan from a barcode to automatically
                pull the information or enter it manually.<ul id="ul_lwn_2f4_gqb">
                    <li><b>(Operator Mode)</b> Enter the <b>Customer ID</b>, then the download
                        information <b>Program Name</b> and <b>Mode Code</b> as defined in
                            <filepath>BarCodeDefinition.txt</filepath>, located at
                                <filepath>[<varname>server_pgm_dir</varname>]/NI_STS/Product/[<varname>Customer_ID</varname>]</filepath>.</li>
                    <li><b>(MES Mode)</b> Enter the <b>Sub LotNo</b> and <b>Mode Code</b> as defined
                        in the <filepath>.mes</filepath> file, located at
                                <filepath>[<varname>server_pgm_dir</varname>]/MesFile/[<varname>Sub_LotNo</varname>]/[<varname>Sub_LotNo</varname>]_[<varname>Mode_Code</varname>].mes</filepath>.</li>
                </ul></li>
            <li>Click <b>Download</b> to download the test program from the server.<p>The OI
                    downloads the test program from the following default directory:
                            <filepath>[<varname>server_pgm_dir</varname>]/NI_STS/Product/[<varname>Customer_ID</varname>]/[<varname>Zipfile_Name</varname>]</filepath>,
                    where <varname>Zipfile_Name</varname> is the <varname>Zipfile_Name</varname>
                    value defined in <filepath>BarCodeDefinition.txt</filepath> or
                        <filepath>.mes</filepath> file, depending on whether if you are running the
                    OI in operator or MES mode.</p></li>
            <li>After the download is complete, scan from a barcode to automatically pull lot
                information or enter lot information in the dialog box that appears.<ul
                    id="ul_mzm_f3h_gqb">
                    <li><b>(Operator Mode)</b> Enter <b>Operator_ID</b>, <b>Device_Name</b>, etc, as
                        defined in <filepath>BarCodeDefinition.txt</filepath>.<p>The
                                <b>Tester_ID</b> field is automatically populated with the computer
                            name, accessible by right-clicking <b>My Computer</b> and selecting
                                <b>Properties</b>. The other auto-populated fields are pulled from
                                <filepath>BarCodeDefinition.txt</filepath>.</p></li>
                    <li><b>(MES Mode)</b> Enter <b>Operator_ID</b>, <b>Test_Code</b>, and
                            <b>Test_BinNo</b>.<p>The auto-populated fields are pulled from
                                <filepath>Mesfile.mes</filepath>.</p></li>
                </ul></li>
            <li>Click <b>OK</b>.</li>
            <li>Confirm the lot information and click <b>OK</b>.</li>
            <li>Click <b>Lot Test</b> on the popup window.</li>
            <li>When the <b>Wait for SOT</b> dialog box appears, click <b>Single Test</b> or
                    <b>Start Lot</b> on the default operator interface to run a single test or
                continuous tests.<note>If the test program runs only once after you click <b>Start
                        Lot</b>, select <b>Semiconductor Module>>Configure Station</b> in TestStand
                    to verify the handler settings.</note></li>
            <li>Monitor the test status in the following ways:<ul id="ul_hjp_h13_2qb">
                    <li>View the real-time lot test progress in the <b>Test Status Message</b>
                        section of the default operator interface.</li>
                    <li>Monitor the real-time status of lot testing by selecting <b>View>>Monitor
                            Window</b> on the main panel.<note>NI recommends that you use this
                            window for debugging only. For mass production, set the
                                <varname>Real_Time_Monitor_flag</varname> variable in
                                <filepath>env_config.txt</filepath> to 0 to disable this
                            window.</note></li>
                    <li>View mid-lot summary by selecting <b>View>>Mid-Lot Summary</b> on the main
                        panel.</li>
                </ul><note>In case that the default operator interface hides or disappears, select
                        <b>View>>STM-OI Window</b> on the main panel to bring it to the
                    front.</note></li>
            <li importance="optional">Perform the following steps on the default operator interface
                when necessary.<ul id="ul_qwn_jhh_2qb">
                    <li>To pause testing at any time, click <b>Pause</b>.</li>
                    <li>To resume a paused test, click <b>Resume</b>.</li>
                    <li>To stop testing the lot, click <b>End Lot</b>.</li>
                </ul></li>
            <li importance="optional">When the lot testing completes, proceed with the following
                steps on the main panel.<ul id="ul_jbj_djh_2qb">
                    <li>To view test reports, select <b>View>>Report</b> on the main panel.</li>
                    <li>To save intermediate test data and upload it to the server, click <b>Save
                            Intermediate Data</b>.<note>By default, the OI keeps the local copy of
                            intermediate test data after uploading it to the server. You can
                            configure the OI to delete the local copy after the upload by changing
                            the value of the <varname>JCET_csvDir_Cut_flag</varname> variable to 1
                            in the corresponding recipe file at
                                    <filepath>[<varname>server_pgm_dir</varname>]/NI_STS/Product/[<varname>Customer_ID</varname>]/Recipe/[<varname>Zipfile_Name</varname>]/[<varname>Mode_Code</varname>]_recipe.cfg</filepath>.</note><note>Select
                                <b>View>>Configuration Window</b> in the main panel to see where you
                            can find the test data files locally.</note></li>
                    <li>To start the next lot, click <b>Initialize Lot</b> on the main panel and
                        repeat the previous steps of lot testing.<note>You must save the test result
                            before starting the next lot. If you do not click <b>Save Intermediate
                                Data</b> on the main panel after the lot completes, the
                                <b>Initialize Lot</b> button on the main panel is
                        dimmed.</note></li>
                    <li>To generate summary and transfer reports from the intermediate test data,
                        click <b>Save Summary Report</b>.<note>By default, the OI keeps the local
                            copy of summary report after uploading it to the server. You can
                            configure the OI to delete the local copy after the upload by changing
                            the value of the <varname>JCET_FullLotFileDir_Cut_flag</varname>
                            variable to 1 in the corresponding recipe file at
                                    <filepath>[<varname>server_pgm_dir</varname>]/NI_STS/Product/[<varname>Customer_ID</varname>]/Recipe/[<varname>Zipfile_Name</varname>]/[<varname>Mode_Code</varname>]_recipe.cfg</filepath>.</note></li>
                    <li>To exit the OI completely, click <b>Exit</b>.</li>
                </ul></li>
        </ol>
    </body>
</topic>
